Implement hcp_packer_registry block (#11168)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/templates/hcl_templates/blocks/build/hcp_packer_registry.mdx

---
description: >
  The hcp_packer_registry allows operators the ability to customize the metadata sent to HCP Packer Registry.
  It configures the base details of an image that is created or updated within HCP PAR.
page_title: hcp_packer_registry - build - Blocks
---

# The `hcp_packer_registry` block

The `hcp_packer_registry` block allows operators the ability to customize the metadata sent to
HCP Packer Registry. It configures the details of an image that is created or updated within HCP PAR.

The presence of a `hcp_packer_registry` block will enable HCP PAR mode and all the builds within that build block

> will be pushed to the remote registry as far the appropriate HCP credentials are set (`HCP_CLIENT_ID` and `HCP_CLIENT_SECRET`).

Reviewer: What do you think about adding in a little blurb about what will happen if the HCP credentials are not set?

```suggestion
will be pushed to the remote registry if the appropriate HCP credentials are set (`HCP_CLIENT_ID` and `HCP_CLIENT_SECRET`). If no HCP credentials are set Packer will fail the builds and exit immediately to avoid any potential artifact drift between the build providers and the Packer registry. 
```
